My visual argument draft is a commentary on feminism and corporatism and a critique of how modern feminism encourages women to seek positions of power, even if these positions pose unethical implications. My draft depicts three men sitting at a table. The image I used for this is Josef Herman's painting "Men at a Table," which I'm using under Fair Use. The man towards the left has a name tag that just says "BOSS." I originally had it say CEO, but I felt that BOSS is more effective. On his plate, there is a stack of money, representing the hoards of wealth accumulated by those in power. Across from him is an empty pink chair with the female symbol on it. In the bottom left corner, a woman stands with her back to the viewer, facing the table. The text says "Welcome...We've saved you a seat."

The phrase "a seat at the table" inspired much of my thinking about this project. Corporatism and capitalism push the idea of women and other minorities earning "a seat at the table," while not considering whether this "table" should exist in the first place. My argument, therefore, isn't necessarily didactic but rather a critique/examination of corporate America and modern feminism. It encourages the viewer to consider what it really means to "earn a seat at the table," and whether this does more harm than good for equality among the sexes. It's a difficult argument to articulate, especially to articulate visually, so I'm worried that the audience either won't get it or misinterpret it. The last thing I want is for people to think that I'm arguing that women do not belong in the work force. As of now, I'm unsure whether my draft communicates my argument. I think I need to add more to show the harm that these companies and corporations are causing, but I'm a little lost on how to do so visually. The stacks of money on the plate is one thing that communicates, or at least tries to communicate this, but I know I need more. Right now, I think my visual argument reads as a comentary on sexism and discrimination in the work place, which is not exactly what I'm going for, but it's on the right track. I used color to emphasize the role gender plays in my argument. For example, all the men are blue. I had to recolor one of the men from red to blue, because without color cues, it is difficult to discern the gender of the figures as it is an abstract painting. The woman's chair iws pink, and I added the female symbol for further clarity.  The text as well is blue and pink (besides the white overlapping the image). I’m more used to creating art that is more subtle and nuanced in meaning, so I had a difficult time creating a message that is clear and explicit. My plan going forward is to make sure my argument is easily understood.

UPDATED
The final version of my visual argument is titled "Beyond the Glass Ceiling." Because my argument is relatively difficult to communicate visually, I found that I had to rely on well-known words and phrases like "a seat at the table" and "glass ceiling" to inform the audience of my piece's meaning. The "glass ceiling" is a metaphor for the barriers that prevent people from hostorically margianalized and oppressed demographics from rising up the ranks of a given social hierarchy. We often here the phrase "shattering the glass ceiling" in response to someone who rises up in the hierarchy despite the obstacles that face them due to a certain quality they possess (gender, race, disability, sexual orientation, etc.). Thus, my image presents what happens next, i.e., the world "beyond the glass ceiling," and reveals it to be corrupt.

I think it really helps the viewer understand my argument if the title is included with the image. I even thought about adding it was text, but I felt that may be overkill, as well as make the composition too cluttered. My visual argument encourages the viewer to be skeptical of positions of power, regardless of who is in that position. Essentially, I am arguing that people from margianilized groups- in this case, women- assuming positions of power that were previously reserved for white, straight men, is not true equality. 
